In this lecture, we'll be creating our second widget for the project to display when the game over
criteria has been met.
So visually, this will be exactly the same as our widget blueprint.
Underscore GameStop so we can just duplicate this and rename it to WPP underscore game and.
Inside of the designer section, the only thing I want to change is the name of the text from text count
down to a text game result.
Then in the graft section, I'm going to swap the interview to be a boolean and just agree to the pop
up as we'll be going through and fixing the sections that this will break.
So I'll also rename this to be player one.
And that is the value changed and ready to use for the functions we're still going to want.
The initialise text function, but I'll remove the timer here and change how the text is displayed and
initialized.
So if we drag from the text pane and search for a select tonight the index, which is the option which
will decide which text to be displayed here, this will be our player one boolean.
And if this is false.
So if the player has lost, then we'll leave a message to that effect.
And if it's true, then we'll leave a message saying that they've won.
We can also remove the count down and the remove UI function as we won't be using those in this class.
This isn't going to need to do anything over time.
This will just be changing the text dynamically, depending on whether the game has been won or lost
by the player.
And then finally, if we compile this class, we can see that we have one error left, which is the
set start delay function is still using an integer.
So I'll give you a small challenge here, and that is to fix the existing function so that we can reuse
the function we already have.
But this time to update the player one boolean.
So this is still going to be a setter function.
But just for a different type.
So I renamed this function to something suitable, such as set to play player one.
Remember to also update the input variable and the type name.
So as ever, the Hensel on screen pause video here and see how you get some.
OK.
So to fix this first.
Change the name of the function to set player one.
Change the type input from an ant to a boolean and just rename the input to play a one.
You can then drag the pin from the function to the variable input and click the existing pin to remove
that one.
So if you compile this night, you still actually get one final error because the note itself hasn't
updated.
We can fix this real easy without making any additional changes or creating new notes by simply.
Right.
Clicking the variable note and selecting refresh.
And this will change it from the industry variable to our new boolean variable.
We can see that the name was still kind of out of sync and that's now being refreshed and updated.
So this final function is very similar to what we did previously in the start widget.
And that is going to allow us to update the widget with whether the player has won or lost.
But keep the variable secure in the class using a set of function to update the variable from either
a C++ or blueprint class.
This will be created him because we'd previously set the industry value to be private and all we've
done is updated the variable type.
It would keep information like this.
So that would still be a private value and this was a much less involved step.
But we don't have both of our widgets ready to get into the game so that we can start visualizing the
start on the end of the game, as well as checking the win.
Lose conditions are actually being processed correctly in our C++ class.